The President:
Hello, everybody.
As we close the books on
one year and begin another,
I wanted to take a moment today
to wish you a very Happy New
Year and to talk a little bit
about the year that lies ahead.
At the start of 2011, we're
still just emerging from a
once-in-a-lifetime recession
that's taken a terrible toll on
millions of families.
We all have friends and
neighbors trying to get their
lives back on track.
We are, however, riding a few
months of economic news that
suggests our recovery
is gaining traction.
And our most important task now
is to keep that recovery going.
As President, that's my
commitment to you: to do
everything I can to make
sure our economy is growing,
creating jobs, and
strengthening our middle class.
That's my resolution
for the coming year.
Still, even as we work to boost
our economy in the short-term,
it's time to make some serious
decisions about how to keep our
economy strong, growing, and
competitive in the long run.
We have to look ahead
-- not just to this year,
but to the next 10 years,
and the next 20 years.
Where will new
innovations come from?
How will we attract the
companies of tomorrow to set up
shop and create jobs
in our communities?
What will it take
to get those jobs?
What will it take to out-compete
other countries around the world?
What will it take to see the
American Dream come true for our
children and grandchildren?
Our parents and grandparents
asked themselves those questions.
And because they had the
courage to answer them,
we've had the good fortune to grow
up in the greatest nation on Earth.
Now it's our turn to
think about the future.
In a few days, a new
Congress will form,
with one house
controlled by Democrats,
and one house controlled
by Republicans --
who now have a shared
responsibility to move this
country forward.
And here's what I want you to
know: I'm willing to work with
anyone of either party who's got
a good idea and the commitment
to see it through.
And we should all expect you
to hold us accountable for our
progress or our
failure to deliver.
As I've said since I
first ran for this office,
solving our challenges
won't be quick or easy.
We've come through
a difficult decade;
one of new threats and new trials
we didn't expect when it began.
But a new year and a new
decade stretches out before us.
And if we just remember
what America is capable of,
and live up to that legacy, then
I'm confident that we are poised
for a period of progress -- one
in which our economy is growing,
our standing in the
world is rising,
and we do what it takes to make
sure America remains in the 21st
century what it was in the 20th:
the greatest country in the world.
Thanks for listening.
And Happy New Year.